Welcome back. In this demo
we are going to send the traffic
coming to the network load balancer to a
workload that is running on Fargate in EKS cluster.
So for that purpose, the changes included
in the Kubernetes load balance service
of type network load balancer is
that target type.
So we need to change the target type annotation to IP
so that it can send that traffic to the
ports running on the target infrastructure.
So here the target ports are going to be registered
with pod IPs as the targets in the target group
of this network load balancer.
So now let's also understand that this respective S app
three related ports will be scheduled on target
notes. Let's understand the Network architecture for
The same thing.
So as usual in AWS cloud
whenever we created the EKS cluster control plane Using
EKS CTL So equivalent VPC public and private subnets
are created.
And
Now we are also going to create a Fargate profile
and this Fargate profile right inside this Fargate profile
whenever we deploy the workload so automatically
it'll create the Fargate notes for us.
So how many pods we create.
So those many number of Fargate notes will be created.
And another important thing we should be aware
of is whenever we schedule a pod on a Fargate
infrastructure, we need to ensure that pod initially
will be in the pending state and it'll take three
to five minutes or two to three minutes to
Initialize all the Fargate notes and then change the pod
from pending to running state.
Unlike regular EKS worker notes, the time taken to
initialize the Fargate scheduled pod is going to be a little
bit more.
So when you see it is in the pending state
initially we really don't need to worry.
So we need to wait for two to three minutes for the Fargate
notes to get created and registered with the EKS cluster
control plane and then ready to accept this part to
be running on those respective notes.
And these Fargate notes also will be in communication
with the EKS cluster control plane in using the
NAD gateways
and the Kubernetes
service of type network load balancer
will be deployed and as usual it'll have the standard
features of tls, external DNS, all those things
which we have already demonstrated in our previous sections.
Only change here is
Target type annotation is going to be changed
from instance to
IP.
So rest all is going to be as is.
So
Once that is implemented, the traffic
from the network load balancer will be directly going
to the ...port IP.
So now let's see the
exact annotation change.
So AWS load balancer
NLB target type earlier it used to be instance.
So now we are going to change it to go back
to our GitHub repository and we are
in section 19 0 6 LBC NLB Fargate external.
So which means we are going to implement NLB network
load balancer internet facing.
So as part of introductory section we already understood
about what we are going to implement
as part of this demo in step one.
So now we'll go to step zero two
which is review the Fargate profile which is
presenting Fargate profile folder
inside that zero one Fargate profiles dot com.
So let's go to our visual studio code and we are
in section 19 0 6 LBC NLB Fargate external.
and in Fargate profile folder you'll find something
called zero one Fargate profiles dot aml.
So here you are creating the
Fargate profile
of whose name is F P app three
and the workloads that are going to run
on Fargate will be using the name space NS hyphen app three
which means any deployment whatever you are going to deploy
which is nothing but Kubernetes deployment
if it uses the name space NS app three
then the ports related to the deployment will be scheduled
on this respective to Fargate profile.
So that's the understanding about why we are mentioning
in selectors the name spaces NS app three.
So now let's come back here.
If you see here the changes from your infrastructure
it is going to be
if you are EKS demo one will be your cluster name
no changes, our region is US east one, no changes.
Put your exact cluster name where you want to
run this Fargate profile and also the region.
Now let's come back here
and create this respective Fargate profile.
So to create a Fargate profile.
So we need to go into 19 0 6 LBC, NLB, Fargate external.
So let's come back to terminal
we'll go to 19 0 6 LBC NLB, Fargate external
and we'll create EKS CTL create Fargate profile
and provide hyphen F and
that profile where it is located, the AML file.
So we'll copy this and we will paste it here.
So it'll take three to five minutes to
create a Fargate profile.
So let's wait for the profile to get created.
We can see here our Fargate profile FP app three
is created now.
So now let's go back to our report
and we have completed step three just now.
So we'll move
on to step zero four which is update our annotation related
to NLB target type.
In addition, we'll also review the cube manifests here.
So let's come back here
and let's start with our
target type nlv.
Target type S IP.
So this is good and another important thing is
we need to review all 0 0 0 1 engine zero two cube manifest.
So starting with zero zero name space dot yaml
we are going to create a name space NS app three.
So why we are creating this name space related resource
because anything with the any workload deployed
in that respective namespace NS app three will be scheduled
on the Fargate profile FP app three.
So our Kubernetes app three pod should be scheduled
on the Fargate profile so
that we will be able to test that network load
balancer target IP equal to IP, right?
So target IP equal to IP.
So now we will first create the NS app three namespace
and in engineers app three deployment in the metadata
in namespace we will provide NS hyphen app three.
So which means this deployment will be scheduled
on this respective namespace and
inside this only the respect your parts related
to app three engineers will be created
and we'll also go to NLB load balancer service
and this load balancer service which is network
load balancer also will be created
in the namespace N S app three.
So inside this also
in metadata we'll add the namespaces NS app three.
So now let's come back to working.
So we have reviewed both the things.
So now we'll go ahead and then deploy all cube manifests.
So we'll go to
cube CTL,
apply hyphen F
and cube manifest.
So this should create a namespace NS app three
for us and also create our the deployment
and also... NLB related service
for Fargate, also
on the NS app three namespace
cube CTL get
pods will give the pods from the default name space.
So we need to get the parts
from the name space hyphen NS app three.
So we will see the parts
in the NS app three and app three engineers deployment is
in running state so which means clear
and we will also see Q CTL get notes and hyphen wide.
So this should provide the notes regular two worker notes
and also one more Fargate note for us.
So we can see here these are our regular two
worker notes which we have created
as part of EKS private note group.
And this Fargate note also got created
and automatically the respective parties are running
on this respective Fargate board.
If we want we can also add one more replica here, right?
So and I will say cube CTL apply hyphen F cube manifests.
Let's see what happens before going to the service.
So it has configured app three engineers deployment.
So I'll say Q CTL get ports and hyphen N NS app three.
So you'll see that currently initially the port is
in pending state until the Fargate note is scheduled.
So if you see QCT get notes hyphen oh wide.
So one the next note is also ready now
and we will see what happens right?
Get ports hyphen NS app three.
So from pending state it'll go to the running state.
Once the new Fargate note is ready currently only
one Fargate note is there.
So initially it'll first create the Fargate note and
on that Fargate note it'll schedule this respective
new replica
of app three.
So that's the reason initially it is going to be
in the pending state and slowly it'll move to running state.
So we need to give one minute
to three minute buffer time for the Fargate
note to get created and that need to be registered
with the EKS cluster control plan then only
Kubernetes API server can schedule the Fargate
the app three engineer part on this Fargate note.
So let's wait for it to into the running state
so we can see the second part is also in the running state.
So now let's go back here and verify the services now.
So we'll go here Cube CTL get
SVC and hyphen N NS app three.
So you should see here
that from namespace app three NS app three you
can see your Fargate LDC network LBS created.
So now we can copy this
and go to the browser and then access it.
So if, if it is
in the active states it should be working for us.
So let's refresh here in our load balances and it is
in active state so let's wait for the response to come back.
In meantime we can also verify the target groups
and go inside the target group,
any of the target group.
Why? Because we are using port 80 and 4 43 communication.
So it'll create two target groups.
So we'll open one target group here
and you can see one is healthy
and the other one is initially health checks
in progress and it is refreshing
so it is trying to also register the second port
whatever we have created two replicas we have created
right? So now let's come back here.
Cube CT, get ports hyphen O wide
and also provide the name space hyphen N NS app three.
And here we are going to verify the pod IPs.
And for these two pod IPs we can see one 90 to
168, 67 to 53
and 80 to 81.
So if you see here 67 to 53, 80, 81.
And if you go here and also verify
so it is using the target type IP and
if you go inside them also you are seeing the pod
IP addresses directly getting registered
for our target groups here as targets.
So which means whatever we have implemented here
which is nothing but target type as IP is successful, right?
So now the traffic
from the network load balancer is directly sent
to the port IP scheduled on the
Fargate infrastructure.
So this is also accessible and working.
This is HTTP URL and we'll also copy
and then get the HTTP URL also.
So we'll copy this and also test the HTTPS tool.
Let me copy this and go here
and say HTTPS colon slash slash
HTTPS
and we can see here it is accessible
and also see the DNS name here, which we are using
which is NLB Fargate 9 0 1.
So let's access using that one also
with HTTPS and it should also be accessible for us.
This completes the demo related
to creating a network load balancer with the target type
as IP and then sending the traffic to the
pods scheduled
on the Fargate infrastructure from network load balancer.
So now let's go ahead and then clean up the stuff now.
So we'll go here and cube CTL
delete hyphen F cube manifest.
So this should delete the both the things
whatever we have created
which is LBC related network load balancer
Fargate LBC network lb
and also app three s deployment and also the name space
whatever we have created, which is NS app three.
So once this is deleted we also need to clean
up the Fargate profile.
So for that first we can list it the Fargate
profiles using EKS CTL get Fargate profile
and in cluster EKS demo one.
And after that you can run the EKS CTL delete
Fargate profile with the name of my Fargate profile.
So let's wait for this.
And now if you see Cube CTL, and if you say get NS
which is name spaces, you should not find any name space
with name NS hyphen app three.
Only you should find that default name space
and cube note release cube public and then cube system.
So now let's come back here and say EKS CTL,
get Fargate profile from the cluster EKS demo one.
After that we'll go ahead and then delete that.
So this is the FP app three related profile
which we want to delete it.
So let's come back here, copy this command and delete it.
So it'll take another three to five minutes to
delete this respective profile.
So let's pause the video.
Until then, we have also deleted the Fargate profile.
Whatever we have created, I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.